# Pyber Ride-Share Analysis

##Overview of the Analysis

    This analysis was performed using 2 sets of data: data based on 
city and data based on rides. In our first couple of requirements for
analysis we read in the csv files, and next step is to combine the two 
csv files into one data frame. Matching their values based on what 
city they took place in. 
    Then we gather the data we need for the table 
at the end of deliverable 1. The data we pulled from our pyber 
dataframe includes; the total nuberof ride separated by city type, the
total driver count separated by city type, the total fare based on 
city type, the average fare based on city type for the rider, and the 
average fare based on driver.
    We then create the chart for the summary statistics in the 
previous sections and then format it in a more straightforward way 
using better signivicant figure counts and symbols such as dollar 
signs.
    In deliverable 2 we gather all the data and create pivot tables 
for that data. To finish the second deliverable we create a multiple 
line chart thatis meant to visualize the total fare by city type and 
date.

##Results

    From this analysis we can surmise that our suburban fares start at 
around $1,000 and stay more or less consistent till March to april 
where the total fare drops a bit.
    The Urban fares start around $1,800 and go more or less in a 
consistent increasing motion to aproximately $2,300. When you look at 
the urban line we notice there is an inconsistent pattern from late 
Feb to early April.
    Finally the Rural fares, they start around $200 and inconsistantly 
go up and down for almost the entirety of the time frame. Staying 
around the $200 mark.

##Summary

    Recommendations I can make to the CEO of the ride share company 
based on the data in the files includes. hiring more drivers in the
areas that under perform, this includes rural and suburban. The data 
seems to show that urban areas account for more than half of the total 
fares during the time period.
    Another recommendation I can make includes expanding rides in 
urban areas. This is because we see in the chart that urban areas have 
the lowest fare per driver. Expanding the number of rides in urban 
areas means that the drivers will make more money per ride. 
    The final recommendation I will make to the CEO is in rural cities 
finding a way to increase the total fare. It is important that you 
find a way to have your underperforming areas increase their 
effectiveness so it remains cost effective to continue working there. 
This is evident in the chart from deliverable 1. While we have the 
lowest fare total in rural areas the average driver is making more the 
3 times as much as the average driver in urban areas.
